Add guide for ups support via nut integration in Synology DSM (#39725)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/synology_dsm.markdown

For performance reasons, a maximum of 1000 images will be shown in the Media Browser.

## UPS support

This integration does not directly support the UPS systems connected to the NAS, but it can be achieved with the [Network UPS Tools (NUT)](/integrations/nut) integration. You need to enable UPS support in your NAS settings, as described in the official Synology [UPS](https://kb.synology.com/en-me/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_hardware_ups) documentation, and then integrate the NAS as a UPS server via the NUT integration. Here is a rough step-by-step guide:

1. Activate **Enable UPS support** in the NAS settings under **Control Panel** > **Hardware & Power** > **UPS**.
2. Activate **Enable network UPS server**.

> 3. Select **Permitted Synology NAS Devices** and add the IP address of your HA instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Permitted Synology NAS Devices** and add the IP address of your Home Assistant instance.
```

4. Set up the [Network UPS Tools (NUT)](/integrations/nut) integration
   - **Host**: the IP address or hostname of your NAS
   - **Port**: keep the default (_3493_)

>    - **Username** and **Password**: keep empty as the NAS doesn't support credentials for the NUT server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Activate **Enable UPS support** in the NAS settings under **Control Panel** > **Hardware & Power** > **UPS**.
2. Activate **Enable network UPS server**.
3. Select **Permitted Synology NAS Devices** and add the IP address of your HA instance.
4. Set up the [Network UPS Tools (NUT)](/integrations/nut) integration.
   - **Host**: the IP address or hostname of your NAS.
   - **Port**: keep the default (_3493_).
   - **Username** and **Password**: keep empty as the NAS doesn't support credentials for the NUT server.
```
